{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Google Ads API Tool Design Document (Internal)\b0\par
\par
\b Company:\b0 Autotouch AI\par
\b Website:\b0 https://autotouch.ai/\par
\b Owner / API Contact Email:\b0 (use a role email like google-ads-api@autotouch.ai)\par
\b Manager (MCC) Account ID:\b0 (your MCC ID)\par
\par
\b 1) Purpose / Use Case\b0\par
We use the Google Ads API to support internal marketing operations for Autotouch AI.\par
Primary use cases:\par
\tab - Keyword research (discover keyword ideas, get approximate bid/competition signals).\par
\tab - Reporting and optimization (pull performance metrics and search terms for our own campaigns).\par
\par
This tool is \b not\b0 a public product and is not offered to external customers or third parties.\par
\par
\b 2) Users and Access Model\b0\par
Only internal employees (and approved contractors acting on our behalf) can access the tool.\par
Access is limited to authenticated internal users; no anonymous/public access is provided.\par
\par
\b 3) Accounts and Data Scope\b0\par
We will only access Google Ads accounts that Autotouch AI owns or has explicit permission to manage.\par
If access is through a manager account, API calls include the manager customer ID in the login-customer-id header.\par
\par
\b 4) API Operations and Data Handling\b0\par
\b 4.1 Keyword planning\b0\par
\tab - Generate keyword ideas using KeywordPlanIdeaService for a specified geo/language.\par
\tab - Store generated keyword lists and aggregate metrics (e.g., competition and bid ranges) for campaign planning.\par
\par
\b 4.2 Reporting\b0\par
\tab - Pull read-only reporting data (impressions, clicks, cost, conversions, search terms) to evaluate performance.\par
\tab - Reports are used internally to adjust budgets, targeting, and creative.\par
\par
\b 5) Authentication and Credential Security\b0\par
The tool authenticates via OAuth 2.0 using a Google account with access to the Ads account(s).\par
We follow the principle of least privilege and limit access to authorized users only.\par
Credentials and tokens are stored securely and are not embedded in client-side code.\par
\par
\b 6) Data Storage and Retention\b0\par
\tab - Keyword research outputs and performance reports may be stored for analysis.\par
\tab - We do not sell, rent, or share API data with third parties.\par
\tab - Data retention is limited to what is necessary for ongoing marketing analysis.\par
\par
\b 7) Quotas, Rate Limiting, and Reliability\b0\par
We implement request throttling and retry logic with backoff to respect API limits.\par
We monitor errors and usage to avoid excessive load and to ensure system stability.\par
\par
\b 8) Compliance\b0\par
We will comply with Google Ads API policies, including:\par
\tab - Using the API only for authorized accounts.\par
\tab - Keeping our API contact email current.\par
\tab - Implementing reasonable security controls for credentials and data.\par
\tab - Providing accurate disclosures about internal-only use.\par
\par
\b 9) Support and Maintenance\b0\par
We maintain internal logs for troubleshooting and track API changes (version upgrades).\par
If requested, we can provide additional details, diagrams, or walkthroughs of our implementation.\par
}
